Okay, Monday the 19th of June, 2012, part two of interview with Kimberly Chapman.
Okay, Kim, can you tell us what a week at Chapstom NCAP looks like for you?
So starting with Monday.
Pop-up cafe.
Pop-up cafe. So that's on a Tuesday, but on a Monday you do the prep for it?
Yeah, we do it on Monday.
Okay, what does that involve?
Cookery and washing up, wiping up.
Yeah?
All that. Put it through the dishwasher and...
What type of things do you cut?
Chocolate cake and...
Yeah?
Lots of cakes!
And that's to be served at the cafe that we do?
Yeah. On a Tuesday.
Nice. Do you enjoy doing that?
Yeah.
What else do you do on the Monday? Do you come in for the Tuesday as well?
No, no.
So you just do the prep?
I do the prep.
Because Kim works on the Tuesday.
So you never actually see...
Yeah!
And next time you get a day off work...
Yeah, I am going to come in and eat some of the cake you made.
Yeah, I will! Don't worry!
Well, I can tell you everybody loves the cakes that you enjoy.
Thank you!
I work Tuesday morning so I never get to see it either.
Oh, that's okay.
So that's two of us.
Oh, I would like...
Everyone tells me how lovely the cakes are.
Okay, like...
Nice!
So you're obviously quite active. You like doing a lot of work then.
Aside from work, what do you do as hobbies? Like leisurely stuff. What do you like?
Walking...
Down to Sammy and...
Who's Sammy?
The fish! By the riverbank!
The seal!
Oh yeah.
So often when you're at the board school you wander down the riverbank.
Yes, lovely.
We are very lucky with the location back here, aren't we?
We are lucky.
So for the people that will be listening to this, do you want to tell them what it looks like around here? Where we're based?
By the board school.
So we're at the board school.
And we walk down to the riverbank to the board school.
Yeah, and what are we looking out on opposite the board school?
The castle.
So we're in a very beautiful area, aren't we?
We are.
Actually, you come here and you see Chepstow Castle.
But what's in Caldecott where you live?
Caldecott Castle!
Which one's better?
You're not saying it.
I'm not saying! Me and my mum!
Do you walk better around Caldecott Castle?
You want to see how high it is in Caldecott Castle.
Right.
Good views, isn't it?
Yeah, I did see it! I did see it on the notes actually.
You coming?
Dinner, I have to...
Dinner.
You don't know, is it?
It's a picnic in a medieval castle.
Come along.
It's going to be fun.
I'll make a good picnic as well, I can show you as well.
It's like one of your social evenings.
Yeah, we've got a few social evenings coming up.
We've got a picnic at Caldecott Castle.
We've got a meal out on the boat.
We have...you okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
You went into deep eye contact with her.
What else have we got coming up?
She's probably concentrating on the...
She was, you were deep in thought.
I was!
What were you thinking about? It looked like a...
I don't know, man! I was like that.
Yeah, we've got a few things coming up.
Oh well, so you're lucky...
Yeah, I am!
...to go between two castles, come on!
Yeah, I know, come on!
Not many people who get a choice of castle now, is there?
No, right.
So you've just said that you do the preparation at the Pop-Up Cafe, that's on a Monday.
Tuesday you go to work.
Sometimes you join in with social evenings because do you remember what we used to do on a Thursday night?
Fashion shows.
Fashion shows, but what else did we used to do? Were you part of the cookery group?
Yes.
And what are your memories from that? Can you remember meeting anyone famous?
There's lots, aren't there? Loads of people.
Yeah.
Did you meet someone famous down the drill hall one night?
Oh yeah, Nick Nolmes.
That's right.
You like him, don't you?
It's funny.
So how was it meeting him?
It was good.
He was doing a book signing.
Yeah, book signing!
On one of his cookbooks.
Yeah, Nick Nolmes!
You'd been using his cookbook to make some recipes, isn't that right?
Yeah.
And he came over and had a chat with you all, didn't he?
Yeah, it was good.
Nice.
And a photo.
He was very nice, actually.
Yeah, he was.
I thought he was a bit dishy, actually.
Would you agree?
I don't think Kim agrees at this stage.
Keep your mouth shut, don't you?
Oh.
So what else did you used to do on a Thursday night? Where did we used to go all together?
I used to go...
Oh, go...
What did the other one say?
Do you remember the name of the pub in Bourg?
We've been to the two brewers, yes.
We've had meals there, haven't we?
Yeah.
But the other one was called...
If you can't remember, it was...
The two brewers?
The burnt barn club.
The burnt barn club, yeah.
And what did we used to do there?
Everything there.
Yeah, like what? What did they used to put on for us there?
Buffet and drinks and...
She's got it!
It was quiz night, wasn't it?
Quiz night and darts and skittles and...
We keep saying we used to, we're still doing this stuff, you know, but it's just evolved in a way, hasn't it?
It's a different way of working now, kind of.
What do you mean?
Well, it was always...it looks a lot different now, doesn't it?
Yeah.
We don't have the transport, so a lot of things is you guys finding your own way there.
Yeah, I mean...
So things have changed. Some things have become more difficult, but I think also with like...
some independence has come for some of you guys, which is nice.
Yeah.
Also, do you have a boyfriend, Kim?
Who is your boyfriend?
Adrian Heath, no.
Now, is it?
Now, yeah.
We interviewed him the other day, actually.
Did you?
We did.
Oh.
So how did you meet Adrian?
Uh-huh.
Secrets as well.
Yeah. He came to my 40th party.
So he came to your 40th and how old are you now?
41 now.
Oh, right. Okay.
I think...yeah.
Yeah?
I was in a green dress.
Well, of course you were in a green dress. You're sat there in a green dress now.
I like it.
You love green, don't you?
I don't think I've ever seen you in anything other than green.
Certainly your favourite colour, isn't it?
So you're going to...
It matches your eyes.
Yeah, Mike.
So tell us about you. Tell us about Kim's life.
Because it's not all about Chepst and Lancap.
Right.
So where...do you know where you were born?
In an hospital.
Ask silly questions, get silly answers.
Yeah, Mike. Get silly answers.
So where was the hospital, do you know?
Will Grant, I expect.
Yeah. Same as me.
Oh, my God.
Have you always grown up in Cardiff?
Yes.
Yeah? Where did you go to school?
Cardiff Comprehensive.
Did you?
Yeah, really? Oh, right. I got a few Nates over there.
They probably remember you.
I was naughty.
Oh, really? Tell us a little bit.
No, you don't want to know, Mike.
I was on report, Mike.
Was you?
Yeah.
Tell us about that.
We like the juicy details.
What were you on report for?
For being naughty and going...
Not doing maths.
Nobody likes maths today.
I don't like maths, Mike.
So did you enjoy school?
Not really, Mike.
No?
No.
What made you not enjoy it?
Didn't like it, Mike.
Not your thing?
Not my thing, Mike.
I didn't like school either.
All right, so you're not...
I'm not the only one.
No, you're not the only one.
I didn't like school at all.
I was too shy.
I didn't particularly like maths.
And Michael certainly didn't like maths.
It's not my forte.
But I loved school.
So it's funny, isn't it? Different people have different experiences.
Waves. Yeah.
Yeah.
I really enjoyed school.
So then you went from school.
Where did you go then?
Went to Nash.
Nash College? Yeah.
What did you study there?
Everything there. They've got a bungalow and swimming and leisure centre and everything.
Was there a life skills course?
Yes.
You should say that.
Margaret Price. Do you know her?
I do know that name.
But I don't know why I know that name.
She's the head of...
Skills.
Yeah.
What type of things did you learn there?
Maths, English,
Cookery,
Leisure Centre,
Everything.
Wow.
Those kind of skills for you to live as independently as possible.
Yeah. English, everything.
It's a coping life. Yeah.
Do you feel you've learnt a lot there?
Yeah.
Making a bed and...
Yeah. Things that you need in life.
Yeah.
Rather than algebra.
So it was practical stuff then.
Yeah.
How did you get to Nash?
M&R took us.
Taxi.
Right.
Was it just you in the taxi?
No. It was Lollivet.
And he broke down one day.
What happened then?
There was me having a dimmy fit on the side of the road.
And it was like this.
Did you have to push the van?
No. He had to ring somebody.
Yeah.
Oh wow. That's when your life skills come in handy.
Changing a tyre or whatever.
He had to ring somebody, the man.
So you said you enjoyed Nash College.
Yeah.
Do you feel you learnt more there than you did in school?
I think that's very important thing for people to realise that sometimes
learning the practical skills of life is a lot more important than learning the academic theory.
Theory.
So after Nash,
Yeah.
You went to college.
After Nash.
Where does Kim go then in her life?
What happens after Nash College?
Come here I think.
Right.
Was there a period in between?
Don't think so.
No? Just out of college?
And joined Chepstam and Kat.
Yeah. Because I love you.
We love you too.
I know it can be the pain but Jesus.
We're not in pain at all mate.
We all just work in different ways don't we?
Yeah mate.
So would you like to ask
what we've done with some of the interviews so far.
Yeah.
We give you the opportunity to interview me and Sue if you'd like to.
What should I say?
That's totally up to you.
That's the whole point of this part.
It comes from you.
You can ask us anything.
You can ask us anything. We make sure you're comfortable.
We can ask you anything.
We might not answer it but we'll try our best.
Alright mate.
What do you like?
What do I like? Elvis.
Not Elvis.
Alright then mate.
What do I like in anything?
Yeah anything at all.
I like music.
Alright yeah.
And I'll be in a field on Werby Farm.
I heard that.
Two days time I'll be at Glastonbury.
Oh you're going to that Michael?
I am yeah.
Good luck on that then.
So I might be a bit worse for where next week can work.
Next Monday.
Well no I'll be back in next Tuesday.
Tuesday.
Oh good job on Monday then.
You wouldn't want to see me on next Monday.
No.
Oh good job we've interviewed you today then.
You know how it is then isn't it?
He's not going to be here.
No he's not. We must remember that.
You wouldn't get much sense out of me next Monday.
So yeah that's one thing I really like is live music.
Yeah you do.
I heard that Glastonbury was coming and I don't know if he's going to be on the road.
Have you seen it on the telly have you?
No mate.
Have you ever been to a festival?
I've been to a concert.
What concerts have you been to?
Rihanna.
Wow.
I've been to Rihanna.
Yeah that's it I think.
Yeah Rihanna.
You love Rihanna don't you?
Yeah I love my Rihanna big time.
Where did you see her?
Yeah we were like this.
Mum was going I don't like this.
I don't like this.
Was it in the principality?
No.
It's really steep isn't it?
Mum didn't like it.
No so steep.
My mum don't like heights.
If you're up in those seats it can be a bit
there to go.
It gives you that feeling of
feeling sick doesn't it?
Doesn't it feel a bit unbent?
We were stood up.
Were you?
We've got to stand for Rihanna really
haven't you to dance?
Yeah you can't do umbrellas like that
No!
So what else would you like to ask us?
You've asked us what we love.
What else
do you like doing?
What do I like doing?
I like
doing pottery.
I like reading.
I read quite a lot.
What do
what's your favourite
food or favourite
food?
Good question. My favourite food, I love food.
Probably my favourite food
is
something my
grandad always cooked for me.
It's a very simple dish.
It's certainly not caviar.
What's that?
Egg bread and bacon.
Have you ever heard of egg bread?
French toasts.
French toasts yeah I've got it.
French toasts with bacon and some
beans or some ketchup.
That's the best thing I could think of
as far as a meal.
I like chicken
and I don't like cooking.
And I can't cook.
Why?
It just doesn't happen for me Kim.
He can vouch for it.
I've grown up eating no cooking
and it's never
got any better.
Oh dear Mike.
She does try though.
Oh right.
She makes a good steak
Diane sauce.
I give her that.
That's one thing she's perfected.
And providuals I can do.
I know.
So any other
questions you want to know about us?
No.
No that's it.
You've asked some lovely questions Kim.
I know I have.
You have.
And I would like to say at the end of this now
thank you so much
for just dropping everything
and coming in here and doing this.
You know on spec that was really
great.
And I just want to ask you
have you enjoyed doing this with us?
Yes it's good isn't it?
Yeah what have you enjoyed?
Talking and stuff like that.
Yeah.
And in this room do you like the room we're in?
I like the room.
Are you looking forward to the exhibition itself?
I'm looking forward to seeing it.
Where the interviews will be
on display.
Where we can hear it.
We're going to do some group work with you
soon where we start
planning on how we want the exhibition to look like.
Oh nice.
So what we're going to do basically is
go back through the interviews with you.
Listen to your interview
and everyone else's with definition.
See which bits you particularly like.
Which content we like
the stories.
And then we'll build the exhibition around
things that you've discussed.
Oh nice.
I'm looking forward to
going to Megaball
and having a meal out.
When is that and who's that with?
Here, here, here.
Yeah we've got a lot of things coming up
haven't we?
Oh that's the trip that you've chosen.
Because you were all given a choice
of about seven
things.
And that's what you've chosen.
Yeah, to take the box.
Yeah I'm going to be coming bowling with you.
Ah lovely.
I'm going to beat you.
I'll beat my car.
I'll beat you.
But when you're going to?
Err
say when you're going to.
Megaball.
I'm leaving.
I'll
thrash Michael.
You're going to thrash Michael?
Oh no.
You're having the barriers up?
Yeah. Cheat.
Why?
I'll play with the barriers down and then we'll see who wins.
I'm a cheat in a way.
Well it's been lovely
talking to you Kim and thank you for your time.
Thank you so much Kim. That's been lovely.
Anything else you'd like to add?
Anything else you want to ask now before we end?
No.
Any other questions? No.
Nothing? No.
All good, all that's left to do is to say goodbye.
Bye. Bye bye.
Over for now. Bye.
Bye bye.